.TH phyOS 1 phyOS\-1.0.4\-beta
.SH NAME
phyOS \- Usage Guide and Scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B phyOS
.SH DESCRIPTION
Useful scripts & system wide settings guide
.P
.SS CUSTOMIZATION SCRIPTS
.TP
.B bm - bookmark script
Bookmark directories & navigate through them either from terminal or Win+d button combination
    bm add $dir @Aliasname
        E.g: bm add ./Desktop @Desktop will add a bookmark as @Desktop.
        Usage: jmp @Desktop from terminal, or Win+d then choose from rofi.
    bm rm @Aliasname [Removes bookmark]
    bm clear [Removes all bookmarks]
.TP
.B pOS-setbg
pOS-setbg ${img_path}
Set wallpaper according to ${img_path}, also update lock screen. If ${img_path} is not valid or empty, sets default wallpaper.
.TP
.B pOS-make-bar
Make your own status bar
Write space seperated integers from available blocks [e.g: 0 1 3 2] to customize your status bar blocks.
.TP
.B pOS-pin
Set application preferences
This script helps you to select preferences for applications. For example open discord on tag 9, force thunar in center of screen.
    tagmask: Spawn window on chosen tag (1 - 9)
    isfloating: Sets window to floating mode
    isterminal: Open application in terminal (use this for tui applications)
    iscentered: Forces window to center of screen (useful for dialog boxes, forces floating mode)
    noswallow: Dont swallow window
    managedsize: Allow dwm to change windows size (use this if floating mode window is small)
.TP
.B pOS-sddm-choose-theme
Choose from available sddm themes
Select a number from available sddm themes to apply. Install more themes with pacman, available packages are below.
.ce 1
[Available themes in phyOS-repo]
    1 - phyOS-sddm-simplicity-theme
    2 - phyOS-sddm-ittu-theme
.TP
.B pOS-grub-choose-theme
Choose from available grub themes
Select a number from available grub themes to apply. Install more themes with pacman, available packages are below.
.ce 1
[Available themes in phyOS-repo]
    1 - phyOS-grub-xenlism-theme
    2 - phyOS-grub-darkmatter-theme
.SS SYSTEM SCRIPTS
.TP
.B phyOS-grub-conf
Run this script to update your grub into latest version if you have installed an older version of iso.
.TP
.B phyOS-update-kernel-conf
Run this script to update your kernel & initramfs configuration if you have installed an older version of iso.
 If you have issues on boot, this will add a new kernel which early graphics (KMS) are disabled.
.TP
.B phyOS-update-mirrors
Run this script to update your mirrors to faster ones.
.TP
.B phyup - Update dotfiles & dwm script
    phyup dots --force
        Force update dotfiles to newest update. (This will override your custom changes)
    phyup dots
        Update dotfiles to newest update, if there is no conflict this won't touch custom changes on dotfiles.
    phyup dwm
        Compile & build phyOS-dwm package locally.
        If you want to set custom keybindings, copy "$HOME/.config/phyos/dwm/keys.h.backup" to "$HOME/.config/phyos/dwm/keys.h".
        Then make your changes on "keys.h" file. After that, run this script to update your keybindings.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dwm (1)
.SH MISSING/BUGS
Arda Atci <arda@ftlabs.tech>
